docs(shared-data): add schema bump checklist (#6285)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: shared-data/protocol/README.md

# Schema Bump Checklist

1. Create new JSON schema in `shared-data/protocol/schemas/${schemaVersion}.json`
2. Create flow types for new schema in `shared-data/protocol/flowTypes`

> 3. Add new command types to python api `dev_types` in `api/src/opentrons/protocol_api/dev_types.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create or modify Python types as necessary in both `python/opentrons_shared_data/protocol/dev_types` and in the python api `dev_types` in `api/src/opentrons/protocol_api/dev_types.py`
```

4. Create new executor in api to handle new schema. Be sure to include unit tests
5. Add new test in `api/tests/opentrons/test_execute.py` for the schema
6. Add new test in `shared-data/js/__tests__/protocolSchemaV${schemaVersion}.test.js` to ensure new schema definition functions as intended
7. Add new schema fixture to `shared-data/protocol/fixtures/${schemaVersion}/${schemaVersion}.json` that the above test will read
8. Update `MAX_SUPPORTED_VERSION` in `api/src/opentrons/protocols/parse.py`

> 9. Update `getProtocolSchemaVersion` in `shared-data/protocol/index.js` to account for the incremented version number. Be sure to check all of the places this function is used to make sure that the contract is still valid for consumers

Reviewer 2: As noted in https://github.com/Opentrons/opentrons/pull/6284#discussion_r465638909, I removed `getProtocolSchemaVersion` because:

- It was only used in one place in the app
- It was more harmful than helpful in that one place in the app
- It dealt with the never released protocol schema v2, which was confusing

Reviewer 3: @mcous after that edit: any ideas for Run App items we should put in this checklist?

Reviewer 2: Maybe a smoke test? We want to ensure that protocols of every protocol schema version:

• Displays metadata properly in the FileInfo page
• Display labware properly in the Calibration page

As we've talked about in Slack and other PRs, this could definitely be automated via some set of integration tests using the protocol fixtures
